[MUSIC]
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: And so what this
does is this produces really a contract,
or an API to your component.
And, I just wanna jump
here real quick.Lukas
Ruebbelke It's when we look at, for
instance, the item detail component,
we know pretty quickly what the API,
what the contract is for this,
is that it has a saved event coming out.
It has a cancelled event coming out and
we are putting an item into it.
So it's very clearly defined,
this goes in and this comes out.
So this is similar to an Angular 1.
We had isolated scope on directives.
And so this would be similar to
just the 2A binding on the item.
But then one of my favorite features
in Angular 1 that I think was really
confusing and a lot of people were not
comfortable digging into was expression
defined isolated scope, to where you
can say I wanna fire this event or
internally I'm gonna call this method.
That's going to call some arbitrary
method on the parent component.
I don't care what it is.
You can define it at runtime.
And so
ngClick is a really good example of this.
When ngClick fires,
what's that gonna call?
Well, whatever expression you
put in the attribute of ngClick,
that's what gets evaluated and gets fired.
And so we are seeing this
similar kind of construct
ported over via input and output.
Let's see if I missed something here.
So inputs/outputs, and
it also acts as a visual aid.
So really, when you have really nice,
fine-grained components,
with a clearly defined inputs and
outputs, that is, in a sense,
I see it as an API which is critical
as you start to pass components around
even a large project, and more
importantly, across multiple projects.
So it's very common when you
are dealing in a large company or
not even a large company.
I would say any company where
the supply size doesn't matter.
Even two projects, you may want to
actually pull out a set of components for
a UI kit.
And so similar to like UI Bootstrap or
Angular material I've seen teams
actually take that and extend that and
create custom components that
they then pass around and consume
into their other projects so they don't
have to go and rebuild those from scratch.
So having clearly defined inputs and
outputs, saying this is how this
behaves in a predictable manner,
makes this really nice for sharing these
components among your team, other teams,
or even if you're going to open-source it.
When these things are defined,
it makes for predictable behavior.